[Music]
training now suddenly [ __ ] now
that I've seen I remembered because she
also had a bad time with the
daily forum man we
have to ration we have to
react to my report man have you
seen my report on la sexto the one they
showed on Friday on la sexto Well I
've uploaded it here I've uploaded it to Javier
Beira the main channel uploaded it in
fact in fact the most video the video with the
most views a long time you haven't
seen it well look at it later tonight or
tomorrow or whatever we will react to it
man because it's brutal because an
unexpected ending happened that I didn't know about I mean they
came to my house and they did the
interview yes it's true that the
interview was longer than what was
broadcast they put together the most part I imagine
that the most important part wasn't much
longer in fact it was recorded in two days I
mean one part is about my house and another
part is about me being in that place
no but I knew that I knew that
the daily forum had I have to see
because they asked me about it and so on no
I say [ __ ]  Well of course it's a forum Of course
because they were investigating
the forum and videos of me were appearing,
obviously it
wasn't brutal because it turns out that the
report shows that they investigated or looked for I don't
know where in the country of super Cuban,
super gossip and the aunt has crimes, I
mean, she has accusations of several
crimes and she
was convicted of a couple of crimes
and some are recent too and the aunt They
call her on the phone and hangs up and as
if in the end no, you are not as legal
as you said, eh You are not as legal and
well, as a result of the report, which is
something that we also have to see, after I
asked that people give me a response on Twitter
as a result of the report,
well, people
from all the little groups, the
obsessed people, let's leave it there, not
with me, no, they are people who appear,
man, in everything that affects me, man, I mean,
years will pass. I already take it, in
reality, it makes me sad to know it, I mean, in
reality, it makes me a little sad but
I already take it as something normal, there were
people harassing because literally it is harassing, I
mean, people how will you do it,
nephobia, those people like
Joan Plana's friends  people man
the
forera is the gorgona I mean you've
sent me tweets from everyone saying things
about the report
and it's like whether you're against the
report
you're in favor of the harasser I
mean there are two positions here it's not that
Jabio Oliveira did I don't know what he insulted I don't
know who well well I may have
had my fights on YouTube that
someone said something to me I responded
and things like that but that's not comparable to
having a guy the [ __ ] crazy
[ __ ] crazy who threatens to rape
my children and publishes all over the
internet that I'm sure
where that guy comes from even though he's from
Seville I mean things started
happening after a specific date
you know when they took down my
Twitter when you all know and man those
people appear in everything I mean they
appear in everything I do if I
appear yes they do interviews on TV
don't normalize it Javi But what do I do I
mean if some of them are
reported to the police and they don't do
anything nothing is done I
mean but if I do interviews on TV
they appear in yours
answering people to the chain that
is if I come out nana rosas and I come out in seven
nene where I come out you know if Dana Jordi
the guy yorien that guy who has
literally had
multiple accounts accepted by himself
recognized by himself to insult and to
slander no man
those people that I don't remember them from the
year the arachnophobia but it's that they have
sent me tweets from them like
when I did the interview Antonio
David they also spoke out when
if I collaborate with a brand that guy
this if he collaborated with a brand they
start contacting the brands and the
labels I don't know what I mean I have already
assumed that they will chase me all my life
And it's like what is it that he says
criticizing the web because they are the people of
one the
people of the group This ok from such and such
ok they are the people of the other from the planas the
people from the
fore or rather that people that are not
relevant man or rather like and I have
n't mentioned it in years and that no and that I do
n't know anything about them man
or rather literally literal wait and see if to
see if  we can see And it's like dude I
mean no I don't know anything about your life I mean I do
n't know anything about you guys
okay it's like they
appear in the tweets of the sixth Look let's
see today yoriel appeared dude and
these people I don't know if they
do it for them because they
behave like harassers or because they are
sent okay yorier who literally is a
forum member of cotidiano I mean to me the
fact that I relate or the fruit seller
No girl you have a son I mean you
have a son I would be
ashamed if my son one day started
following youtubers and or watches TV or
whatever and you come out
sent because you are sent the others I don't
know but she is sent to be sent to
post things and the other and your
boss tells you Look I'm going to post this tweet
And you answer me girl I don't even understand what you
post or anything that they send it to me
when you post very
beastly things For what purpose well not be the end
because the end is what they do at the end of
showing the things of the documentary like me
if you tell me that it bothers you  a
criticism that bothers you that you are
putting the things that I think or what
public figures do not
okay listen we have sometimes
exchanged some insults Well it
depends If they have said something to me they are
heating up something to me first Well the
same answered but from there to you
being against a documentary
where a guy
that you are against a documentary
is paying a monthly fee because whoever
is the one who lives here in Seville who
sells all knows who it will be no The one who
is paying a monthly fee
to have web pages
with to
have open web pages
where they publish My address that I am a
pedophile my phone number
those of my parents I
mean you can have the disagreements
that you have with me
but I think that you have not done enough no I mean I
think that you see enough no and
that I mean because you can be
responding you can be a moment of
heat when but it is that nobody
is taking you into account I mean they are not
mentioned
if they are not mentioned because it appears there
today years later in things about
my uncle This woman the TV has come so
Low as to  interview the biggest
bully on the internet as if I were the
victim dude they've literally
threatened to rape my children aunt
How can you sink so low then
I remember that this was the friend
unbuttons so I say lowest
possible no but it's like
then they sent me this Twitter it
was an email that he sent me one of those that you
send me no and they sent me a series of
tweets Look he's sweet on you and they
sent me this they sent me this the
most disgusting gossipmonger on YouTube
is interviewing the most disgusting
gossipmonger on television and it's
like look how Dog doesn't eat dog
look how things are man I
have no [ __ ] idea what
these people do
No I don't have a [ __ ] clue I know that
some of them are in London not
according to what they send me the lists because you
put it to me you're going to run into I don't know
who I don't care who I
run into I don't want to know None of
the characters that are in London I
acted within the role as it has But
well a person who feels harassed
if they are  stalker within the role
leaves no
but look at you no,
I don't want anyone to leave,
nobody bothers me, I do my job and that's it. No, no
one is going to find out about the
system not being there No but look at you, I mean,
Joan Plana's people, the people
of Mira la gorgona eh goes to the
gorgona account
and publishes a news story from facua that
is not real Why new legal actions against
me, this complaint, this second lawsuit, that
second news because lawsuit, no
other arrived, the first one
they put up arrived and then in 2020 they released this
news, his friend from facua to
try to make a scrache that he
took it in his mouth because It turns out that
he has been convicted and that he release more
news because now I know about the right
to rectification and in fact I think
my lawyer told me and these people who
are handling the
stalker issue told me that there is a law that protects me
that still and has to modify those
articles but I will see them, I will see them
when the time comes, well,
this is a clear one, you don't know it,
this is one that
your Twitter now  her Twitter and
another Twitter that she has because she told me
down that she had another Twitter because I had
tried to lend it to her or something like that it's
like Antonio or something like that I don't know she has two
Twitters but she's being super shameless
to that kind of person life should
give her some of its medicine
strength and keep going Javi you have a lot of
support period a kiss handsome
don't play with those things ever I don't
wish anything on anyone they
describe themselves and that's it okay there's
a clip in which I'm
joking that my friend is the chusa
okay the one where
I'm joking with a friend of
mine who is a friend of mine in
real life The Michael hater yeah yeah but
everything he has that he has looted with
100 viewers left Maika like It's
logical because Maika has charisma and they were
left with 100 viewers when we
exposed them and I don't answer her I mean I know
that they send me things and that all their
programs are dedicated to me and all their
Twitter is dedicated but you
can get bored nobody sees you nobody
finds out what they say is if they say something
lawsuitable then I file a lawsuit  that's
it but the thing about the chusa they put up the clip
of the chusa that the clown took out that
guy
where literally
literal which by the way they tend to
Well I'll tell it later
but literally I'm joking with my
friend because the chusa is a character from
La que se avecina who goes around with a knife
saying the people who stab her and
take it like anyway they are
host Marta risk
well the one from the forum who hung up the
phone I
mean they call you so you give
explanations and you hang up Marlene
hung up on us okay And now you go on Twitter
saying that everything is a lie that she doesn't
have that she doesn't have a stepdaughter that that
wasn't her phone number
that we're going to believe it now
from these people man Look man appearing
in the replies of a tweet man let's
see if you don't want to know anything about
someone don't appear I
mean but you go to the investigation team's Twitter
is that they find out about my things they
find out if I have gossip if I go on
a television show where I
collaborated with a brand if I'm in
a series but when I went to the
squid game they also tweeted  let's see how to
screw
Joan Plana's people Joan
Plana's
people should be Plana the main
right-hand men of Joan Plana
tagged 8000 times here I can
investigate but from the moment I
said it
and also According to what they say in the tweets in
private they were sending him messages
sending the email wow
man I
mean I've already assumed the sad but
I've already assumed
[Music]
that they are people who will haunt me for life
It's sad but It
's sad but
but I've assumed it I mean that for
life wherever I go they will haunt me
that wherever I go for life they will haunt me
it's sad I mean wherever I go they
are more fans of us
with their behavior they only reinforce the
report let's see I have my mistakes in
the past I mean I had I before I see myself
on camera five years ago four
years or whatever and I myself on Plana
For example yesterday I on Plana put a
toy sending him a kiss down below like
saying Juanjo Look I told you it's Javi
let's see
Juanjo the fight with Juanjo is Juan's fault you
know Juanjo  the one who is messing things up the one
who does repulsive things
if he didn't do those things Well he would have
had the opportunity to be good with
us and with all his colleagues but
Wow he is still the way he is we are happy to
see you well that justice acts hands
raised celebrating heart stick and there
are many things that I have been able to tell
yet because there are trials and things
pending but I will tell you more but
man you have to have to keep
in mind that I mean they are
pending all the controversies
Joan Planas a kiss down that why
Because he knows that right now there is a
controversy with Juanjo because of what he is
insinuating about Antonio David is like man
No it is not your content I mean why are you
pending you are watching A
person and when you want to post something but the
same thing of sending someone to post
things is done by others sending others to get their
hands dirty and then
file lawsuits playing the victim what
happens is that it is not going to fly of course
but it is tremendous man
But you have not done anything big you only
show with traditions man
exactly I mean like
things like the foreras and gorgons and so on
that is  what I've done is put them
contradictions of miare the dog thing I don't
know what it is like well I may have had a
more chauvinistic way or whatever but I haven't
done anything I think that they have
done worse things to me and it will be proven okay
But as I think that I'm not making
videos of those people giving each other years no And
if I do a video I try to have the
maximum possible respect
understand me tell him
Thank you very much if I make a video
in which they appear I try to have the
maximum possible respect like
even if I don't make a video I will be
chasing No those are people who are going to be
chasing me for life for
life man I mean I've already
proven it or rather like if I do an
interview Antonio had appeared if I
appear in the investigation team they
appear but
responding to the team's Twitter of
what they think they're going to achieve
if I go to 7nen the same man those of Joan
Planas to those of 7 nn were also
Tremendous true and tremendous Heavy
you know
if I do collaborations with Marca they
tag the brands if I do man if they
appear to Rosa too or
whatever eh  I mean, they are people that I'm going to
have there for life and I have to
assume it in some way because of course this
and that's what I'm telling you
why does it bother you that they make a
documentary you think that no
Why does it bother you that they make a
documentary
supporting me
trying to locate because that's what you
're doing
the sixth what was worrying and just
like they found supercotina
Well worrying about
worrying about finding a hater who
in the end is
my my objective to
find him who pays before the law
understands me to know who he is Where he comes from
What group he comes from because surely he
comes from one of the groups it's not like
why does it bother you Looking for that answer
why does it bother you because it can
bother you that there is a program that
has absolutely nothing to do with
you that there is a program that supports me
on a day
that has made me move house
and that literally the audios are
threatening me with raping my children
they talk about you to upload visit now but
the majority are not them youtubers
they are sent from other youtubers
or from relatives of other youtubers they are
sent to comply so that
pet the little loin it's like
your life is sad
but let's see if in the if the documentary
was about something like that Well
you still say no but it's that he told me
but it's that there he defends you but it's
not about you, I mean it's about
a guy who literally deserves jail
Javi sews his knees face
rolling with laughter face
rolling with laughter my maximum support I
swear I didn't
even know that they had found out about
all that about his percubanilla about the
forum in the end they have shown that
the forum was in another one that they did
close the forum due to
Spanish European legislation because they had violated
rights of the 25,000 violations
25,000 violations
and they went to a server in
Ukraine that I understand that Ukraine does not
belong to the European Union Do not
correct me if I'm wrong Ukraine
rejected no
Ukraine
man Quesada
of giving this
is in the process
Ukrainian is in the European Union Yes
when I am informing myself about the
war I wanted to understand something like that but
Listen to me, one thing, let's see,
thanks to the report, thanks to the
report. Well, there are super good companies
that are contacting me to
locate, well, multiple Twitter accounts
that are harassing me,
okay, multiple Twitter accounts because
then it turns out that the judges
ask Twitter for court orders and
Twitter goes over three kilos because it is
considered to be above the law.
Well, we'll see because we've already
experienced that over the years, you
know, but damn, in the end, what
this television program is offering me and
all the companies that are participating in
the report
is a powerful help.
Hey, you have a problem with me
because it was a video seven years ago, I
told you, I don't know what, okay, we'll solve it,
where to solve it or contact me,
Master. Thank you very much,
contact me and tell me, Javi. This video
bothers me because such and such, and I cut the part
of the video where there is something, something.
When I saw the report, I was
amazed at the things that
people can do, it generated a great repulsion in me.
But Javi, know that
although there are people like that, there are also
many other people who support you and we
wish you the best of luck with this whole issue.
churra the vast majority or so But who is
not going to support another person in this regard, I
mean,
putting a qualifier on it, I mean like how would
you define people who don't
support me before that, I mean, my enemies,
enemies in quotes because they
have me as an enemy and I of their
true existence, I mean, they are
irrelevant, imagine the position
that I am in today, they are totally
insignificant and relevant to me,
okay But well, this happens to them
and I would make videos supporting them,
call it me on the front page, call it miare,
call it whoever you
understand,
but going,
going from company to company that you
collaborate with or going on television, if I appear
on a television program,
both your right hands, your
closest people on Twitter that it is
evident that they are your pets, what do you
do? So put this tuyin man, for
God's sake, these
are things that I do not understand, in the first
place, I do not understand why I am so
busy working that I do not know where they
are and where they come from,
I do not know if they participate in a
program, if they collaborate with a
brand  If they do an
interview, I have no [ __ ] idea.
If I don't even know what they do or the majority
of the people I get along with,
how am I going to know where they are
or aren't? People I don't like. Can you
understand me for a second? They're
ringing the bell.
[Music]